make me a complete website with the following properties:

1. Home page: this page has a navbar at the top of the page that contains the following: Home, products, contact/booking, about us, customer login/register. Under it
is a banner that displays what AKICC is and shows a nice picture with words under it and a button that directs them to the products.
This page also has three "sections" of hot products, new arrivals, and open box. In the admin panel, these types of products could be added/deleted conviniently.

2. Products page: This page shows a catalog of products (each product has these properties: product name, brand name, model, serial number, a brief description, and a picture).
All of the products are displayed in orderly fashion showing just some basic info and all of the info would be shown once you click on one of the products.
There is also a search bar exclusively for the products page that allows you find a product via product name. You can also add products to "my list" and
inside "my list" you can also remove products. In the "my list" you can also press a button called "send list" that sends their list of products to all admin accounts
(there are two types of accounts when registering: dealer and end user). The products also have different prices for dealers and end users and admins have access to
both prices. Admins have a record of all "my list" sent to them. Admins manage all of this in some sort of admin panel.

3. Contact page: This page allows you to send emails to an admin email directly on the website. There are two types of emails that could be sent: booking emails
and general inquiry emails. General inquiries are just sent to the admin email. Booking emails are sent to the admin email as well as all of its contents are saved
to the database where admins will be able to have a record of. Booking emails ask for email, phone number, company name, name of sender, and what they are booking about.
General inquiry emails ask for name, email, topic of question, and description of question.

4. About us: Basically a page that has some pictures and explain what AKICC is about (company that sells printers and printer parts as well as printer maintenece/fixing services.)